Hey everyone.
Welcome to 2020 Western
Continental Secular Solstice.
This has been a
pretty intense year.
This is going to be a
pretty weird Solstice and I'm
sorry
and I'm sorry in particular
that we can't all like
actually be together
physically where like you can
be like, oh, there's a monkey
singing and I'm also a monkey
and I'm singing and we're all
singing together in a single
together monkeys is great
and we're not going to have
that in the canonical way.
You might think of that this
year
and that's sad.
But
I am in fact kind of excited
about the fact that in some
ways.
We are more all together this
year than we ever have been in
the past.
There's people tuning in here
from Berkeley and from Boston
and from New Hampshire and
from undisclosed locations in
the woods, and I
I am like
just sort of boggled by the
prospect of
all of us being together like
never before.
We have put
a
stupidly ridiculous amount of
effort into building this
custom Solstice app so we can
all sing together for actuals.
I hope it works
now some of you might be like,
okay, so I've been to like 10
second.
There's also this is and this
one's all weird and different
and it's a little rectangle
and is it really going to be
the same and what's exactly
going to happen to me?
I don't know and I'm a little
bit scared
and some of you might be like,
whoa.
I've never been to a secular
socialist before in my life.
Life and I went to this one
because it was ridiculously
convenient and I'm not even
wearing pants.
But also what's going to happen
to me though.
I don't really know what's
going on
to both of you.
We will answer those questions
in
just a second.
But first
we've got a little story for
you.